c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\obj\Debug\RepositorioAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\RepositorioAPI.dll.config
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\RepositorioAPI.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\RepositorioAPI.pdb
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\BaseRepositorio.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\BaseRepositorio.pdb
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\obj\Debug\RepositorioAPI.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\RepositorioAPI\obj\Debug\RepositorioAPI.pdb
