c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\obj\Debug\APITiendaMusica.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\APITiendaMusica.dll.config
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\APITiendaMusica.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\APITiendaMusica.pdb
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\BaseRepositorio.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\BaseRepositorio.pdb
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\obj\Debug\APITiendaMusica.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\obj\Debug\APITiendaMusica.pdb
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\alejandro.garcia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\APITiendaMusica\APITiendaMusica\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
